# C-GroceryTacking-

/* This program facilitates the organization of items stored in a file. It has four main functions that: serches for a specific item , displays the frequency of the items and creates a histogram of the stored items. The general functions work great, aside from some minor inconsistencies. These inconsistencies do not jeoperdize the experience or the overall program, but they will be updated to minimize errors. A good example could be the case sensitive user inputs that could be enhanced by adding a few line codes to ignore case letters for the benefit of the user.
  If there was sensitive information stored in this file, security is not a guarantee due to its simplistic code. However, a more complex coding language can be added to protect the information, while maintaining this program's functionality. The most challenging aspect of coding my program was to find a coding method to print an item and its percentage side-by-side. I found that the "auto" function assigns a data type to the named variable, so it avoided any unecessary loops. The main, and most important, skill to transfer across the future is problem solving. Problem solving is the core of a programmer and will be implemented in some way in any written program. The best way to make a program that its maintainable, readable and adaptable is to keep its main funtions as simple as possible. If you start with a simplistic program, you can identify any significant mistakes before elevating it to a more complex program. */
